It is very convenient in retort food, but it is not good to put it in JENKO, but recently I just picture and text food
It became possible to make with microwave oven
It depends on the product, but it is this book curry It is Jenny to say the sound of this book bell
Correspondence rate
I 'm blinding how to cook microwave net food from now on
Well open the door
Which was
Well, that kind of transparent retort is a little different, but a transparent container
You can open the package in a translucent container and act by entrusting its mouth part with it
This is also grinded This Re j Kakema smoked 500 w in Japan in the instrument
Buber Choi the end I was now Niño professional or say it Ja' relief valve
I will explode because I do not have a rule but I do not Marcus with this type
Well this kind of device is very laclez
The time is shorter than the priority, and it is easy to prepare because it is conventional to say after-hands
I think there will be more products like this from now on Please try it well The taste is so ordinary
From the book of
Bon curry neo of the next cooking I think I think it is not different from
In exactly is this semi-transparent container of exactly the person who does not retro land aimed this chef
Well I think maybe it is a long time or bad
Easy to pour What do because the medium is visible because it is semi-transparent
I feel like that I think merge is not different from ordinary bon curry
Marge is a Bon-curry taste lesbian with a book Kanzuru
Well the taste just makes this microwave cooking possible
Of course it is written that conventional hot water cooking is also possible
Even if it is said that the electric line is good, the electric line recently a product said to be a microwave oven is a microwave oven
Is that a heater like an open or oven toaster ?
There is something that has that function, but of course that's not too bad.
This microwave electronic display cooking by microwave
Heating of all functions of this electrical conduit just by corresponding to it
It does not correspond to it Please note that it is said that the oven or the post grill
Such a function called after the tree is
Be careful because that would Moi this Toka bag With the there that is not supported to function
At the same time use such a device that microwave oven and a heater Tteyuu Toka after elevon please
There is also, of course, it does not correspond to such a thing
Well, it's tough, but it's just microwave cooking.
Such product called the morning meeting decoction say microwave oven
I 'm not saying I'm stuffing in mayday cooking
Microwave cooking alone can cook
Please be careful